Enable artifacts as default (#204)
kubeflow/kfp-tekton: sdk/README.md

  - [Tested Pipelines](#tested-pipelines)
  - [How to use the KFP-Tekton Compiler](#how-to-use-the-kfp-tekton-compiler)
    - [Installation](#installation)
    - [Compiling a Kubeflow Pipelines DSL Script](#compiling-a-kubeflow-pipelines-dsl-script)
    - [Running the Pipeline on a Tekton Cluster](#running-the-pipeline-on-a-tekton-cluster)
  - [Build Tekton from Master](#build-tekton-from-master)

>   - [Removable Features](#removable-features)

Reviewer: "Removable" sounds very odd here. "Deprecated" maybe? Maybe "Optional" or keep "Additional" even if it means a feature being removed

After compiling the `sdk/python/tests/compiler/testdata/parallel_join.py` DSL script
in the step above, we need to deploy the generated Tekton YAML to our Kubernetes
cluster with `kubectl`. The Tekton server will automatically start a pipeline run

> for which we can follow the logs using the `tkn` CLI. Here we have to deploy the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
for which we can follow the logs using the `tkn` CLI. 
```

> pipeline in the kubeflow namespace because all the pipelines with metadata

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Here we have to deploy the pipeline in the kubeflow namespace because all the pipelines with metadata
```

> tracking have to rely on the minio credential in the kubeflow namespace:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and artifacts tracking  rely on the minio object storage credentials in the kubeflow namespace.
```

Reviewer 2: Additionally - possible for someone to use S3 backed object storage credentials in another namespace and launch pipelines there if they need artifacts and metadata to be stored there?

Author: Yes, as long as they provide the credential in that namespace. For the recent version of Argo, they are able to inject the default S3 credential as string to the pod's env variables. Since Tekton doesn't have the concept of artifact yet, we might have to create our own webhook controller to do this. Another alternative way is to create our custom profile controller to create the default secret on the user namespace.

cluster with `kubectl`. The Tekton server will automatically start a pipeline run
for which we can follow the logs using the `tkn` CLI:

>     kubectl apply -f pipeline.yaml -n kubeflow

Reviewer: we need to add a sentence above this code snippet explaining about deploying the pipeline to the `kubeflow` namespace

Reviewer 2: why is it tied to kubeflow namespace @Tomcli ?

Author: I updated the readme in my latest commit. It's because the minio secret is only available inside the Kubeflow namespace for the latest Kubeflow release.  https://github.com/kubeflow/manifests/blob/master/pipeline/minio/base/secret.yaml

Author: This is for artifact tracking

- [Exit Handler](/sdk/FEATURES.md#exit-handler)

> ## Removable Features

Reviewer: "Removable" sounds very odd here. "Deprecated" maybe? Maybe "Optional" or keep "Additional" even if it means a feature being removed

Author: Sure I can rename it, here I want to say features that can be opt-out (similar to the type check and telemetry flag in the original kfp)

Reviewer: Maybe "Deactivating Special Features" or "Capabilities that can be disabled"

Author: I rename it to optional features since that sounds a bit better.

### Compile Kubeflow Pipelines without Artifacts

> By default, _artifacts_ are enabled because the DSL are designed to run on Kubeflow Pipeline's

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, _artifacts_ are enabled because the KFP DSL are designed to run on Kubeflow Pipeline's engine with artifacts to be stored on
```

[Minio](https://docs.minio.io/) storage. When artifacts are enabled, all the output
parameters are also treated as artifacts and persisted to the default object storage.
Enabling artifacts also allows files to be downloaded or stored as artifact inputs/outputs.
Since artifacts are dependent on the Kubeflow Pipeline's deployment, the generated
Tekton pipeline must be deployed to the same namespace as Kubeflow Pipelines.

> To run Tekton pipelines without installing Kubeflow pipeline, we need to compile the Kubeflow

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To run Tekton pipelines without installing Kubeflow pipeline, or if you need to compile the Kubeflow
```
